Rough English translation for network documentation. (#28)
sipeed/MaixPy_DOC: en/libs/machine/network.md

network
=========

This module is used to initialize various network card drivers. The network card has these function: connecting routes, disconnecting routes, viewing network card connection information, checking whether connections are made. 

Please make sure the antenna is connected before using WiFi. 

### [esp8285](#ESP8285_Module)

Some development boards expose an `AT` network interface module, such as an `esp8285` interface connected to the `k210` processor via a serial port.

> Pin `8` is the enable pin. Instantiate a `GPIO` object set it high to enable, low to disable. To reset, set it low, wait a short while, then set it high. 

Reviewer: Pin `8` is the enable pin. Instantiate a `GPIO` object and set the value to high to enable the network and low to disable it. To reset the network adapter, set it low and wait a few seconds then set it back to high.

Sample code [wifi_ap_scan.py] (https://github.com/sipeed/MaixPy_scripts/blob/master/network/demo_wifi_ap_scan.py)

### [esp32](#ESP32_Module)

> There is currently a `esp32` module in the `MaixDuino` development board connected to `k210` via `SPI`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently an `esp32` module for the `MaixDuino` development board connected to the `k210` processor via `SPI`.
```

There is also a separate `TF` plug-in module. 

ESP8285_Module
=========

## network.ESP8285(uart)

> Instantiate an `ESP8285` NIC object, passing in an `uart` object. On the `dock` and `GO` currently supported by `MaixPy`, use the AT command module as `WiFi`. So the `uart` object is the object that communicates with the `AT` module, you can view the `uart` module routine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instantiates an `ESP8285` NIC object utilizing the passed in `uart` object for communication. On the `dock` and `GO` boards, use the AT command module as `WiFi` with the `uart` object being the object that communicates with the `AT` module.
```

> Calling this method will initialize `ESP8285`, throwing an exception if it fails. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling this method will initialize communication with the `ESP8285` module, throwing an exception if it fails. 
```

### Parameters

> * `uart`: UART object that communicates with the AT module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `uart`: The UART connection to the AT module
```

### Return Value

* `ESP8285`: NIC object

## ESP8285

### connect(ssid, key)

> Connect to a hotspot (AP/router). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to an access point or router
```

#### Parameters

> * `ssid`: hotspot `SSID`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ssid`: network name
```

> * `key`: password for hotspot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key`: password for the network
```

#### Return Value

> None. An exception will be thrown if an error occurs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None. An exception will be thrown if the connection is unsuccessful.
```

### 2.2. ifconfig

Display the current WiFi connection information. Currently, the network does not support setting the network card configuration.

```
nic.ifconfig()
```

#### Parameters

None

#### Return Value

> `tuple` type, the elements are all strings: `(ip, netmask, gateway, dns_server, dhcp_server, mac, ssid)`, if not queried or invalid, the value is `"0".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `tuple` containing the following elements: `(ip, netmask, gateway, dns_server, dhcp_server, mac, ssid)`. If any of the values are missing or invalid, the value is `"0"`
```

### isconnected

Check if WiFi is connected. 

```
nic.isconnected()
```

#### Parameters

None

#### Return Value

`True`: Already connected
`False`: Disconnected

### disconnect

Disconnect WiFi. 

#### Parameters

None

#### Return Value

None

### scan

> Scan for surrounding WiFi hotspots. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scan for surrounding WiFi networks. 
```

#### Parameters

None

#### Return Value

> A `list` object, each element containing a string, the string comes from the response of the `AT` module, the content is the same as described in `esp8285` `AT directive document`, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `list` of strings  where each string represents a comma separated list of details regarding a specific network. The string comes from the response of the `AT` module where the content is the same as described in the `esp8285` `AT directive document`. An example is as follows:
```

`'<ecn>,<ssid>,<rssi>,<mac>,<channel>,<freq offset>,<freq cali>,<pairwise_cipher>, <group_cipher>,<bgn>,<wps>'`

* `<ecn>`: encryption method
   * 0: OPEN
   * 1: WEP
   * 2: WPA_PSK
   * 3: WPA2_PSK
   * 4: WPA_WPA2_PSK
   * 5: WPA2_Enterprise (current AT does not support connection to this encrypted AP)
* `<ssid>`: string parameter, SSID of AP
* `<rssi>`: signal strength
* `<mac>`: string parameter, AP's MAC address
* `<channel>`: channel number
* `<freq offset>`: AP frequency offset, unit: kHz. This value is divided by 2.4 to get the ppm value.
* `<freq cali>`: frequency offset calibration value
* `<pairwise_cipher>`:
   * 0: CIPHER_NONE
   * 1: CIPHER_WEP40
   * 2: CIPHER_WEP104
   * 3: CIPHER_TKIP
   * 4: CIPHER_CCMP
   * 5: CIPHER_TKIP_CCMP
   * 6: CIPHER_UNKNOWN
* `<group_cipher>`: definition is the same as `<pairwise_cipher>`
* `<bgn>`: bit0 stands for b mode; bit1 stands for g mode; bit2 stands for n mode
          If the corresponding bit is 1, it indicates that the mode is enabled; if the corresponding bit is 0, the mode is not enabled.
* `<wps>`:0, WPS is not enabled; 1, WPS is enabled

example:
```

> info_strs = ['4,"ChinaNet-lot0",-79,"c8:50:e9:e8:21:3e",1,-42,0,4,3,7,1', '4,"TOPSTEP2G4",-7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
info_strs = [
    '4,"ChinaNet-lot0",-79,"c8:50:e9:e8:21:3e",1,-42,0,4,3,7,1',
    '4,"TOPSTEP2G4",-70,"f8:e7:1e:0d:0d:f8",1,-57,0,4,4,7,0'
]
``
```

0,"f8:e7:1e:0d:0d:f8",1,-57,0,4,4,7,0']
```
This may seem strange, because each AP's information is a string of characters, there are integers and strings in the message, the string is enclosed in double quotes, so you need to deal with it again after getting this string, for example:

```python
def wifi_deal_ap_info(info):
    res = []
    for ap_str in info:
        ap_str = ap_str.split(",")
        info_one = []
        for node in ap_str:
            if node.startswith('"'):
                info_one.append(node[1:-1])
            else:
                info_one.append(int(node))
        res.append(info_one)
    return res

info_strs = ['4,"ChinaNet-lot0",-79,"c8:50:e9:e8:21:3e",1,-42,0,4,3,7,1', '4,"TOPSTEP2G4",-70,"f8:e7:1e:0d:0d:f8",1,-57,0,4,4,7,0']

info = wifi_deal_ap_info(info_strs)
print(info)
```

The output is:

```
[[4, 'ChinaNet-lot0', -79, 'c8:50:e9:e8:21:3e', 1, -42, 0, 4, 3, 7, 1], [4, 'TOPSTEP2G4', -70, 'f8:e7:1e:0d:0d:f8', 1, -57, 0, 4, 4, 7, 0]] 
```

Then for example to get every `AP` `SSID`:

```
for ap_info in info:
    print(ap_info[1])
```

### enable_ap(ssid, key, chl=5, ecn=3)

> Connect to the specified WiFi hotspot. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to the specified WiFi network. 
```

#### Parameters

* `ssid`: SSID
* `key`: password

> * `chl`: channel number of the WiFi signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `chl`: channel number of the WiFi network
```

* `ecn`: encryption method, there are `OPEN``WPA2_PSK`, etc., refer to the constant part of this page `ESP8285`, the default value is `3`, which is `ESP8285.WPA2_PSK`, for example
```python
Nic = network.ESP8285(uart)
Nic.enable_ap("maixpy", "12345678", 5, nic.OPEN)
```
or
```
Nic.enable_ap("maixpy", "12345678", 5, network.ESP8285.OPEN)
```

### disable_ap()

> Disconnect from the currently connected WiFi hotspot. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disconnect from the currently connected WiFi network. 
```

### Constants

#### OPEN

> No encryption and no password required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No encryption or password required. 
```

#### WPA_PSK

`WPA_PSK` encryption

#### WPA2_PSK

`WPA2_PSK` encryption

#### WPA_WPA2_PSK

`WPA_WPA2_PSK` encryption

## Code

Refer to [code in the network directory] (https://github.com/sipeed/MaixPy_scripts/tree/master/network)

ESP32_Module
=========

## network.ESP32_SPI(cs,rst,rdy,mosi,miso,sclk)

To instantiate an `ESP32_SPI` NIC object, you need to pass in the corresponding `GPIOHS FUNC`.

If the number of parameters passed in is incorrect, an error will be returned.

### Parameters

> * `fpioa_func` for pin function

Reviewer: This doesn't match the parameters specified above
